Ready to interview Senator Estes' chief auger on the events and situations in our nation's capital.
Senator Chief auger, spring is here.
It has scratched the living room.
We didn't join the weather.
Perhaps the law of publicization is important.
I have a message to the government.
I would have really carried lessons from the outing of the food.
Low and everything has been very beautiful here in Washington.
It's quite of the food weather out there.
I believe on the last Friday they had the oldest day that they've ever had since 1900 in Washington this time of the year.
The two brothers seemed to have cooled down the news in Washington.
I believe the Senate had the good-and-much unfunfantastic rivers and harbours still up for consideration of the bill most week.
But you're correct, Charlotte.
The late on the rivers and harbours of the public bill is not nearly so exciting.
That's the beauty of destruction.
We all, last week, was turning the current natural gas system.
The housing bill and other controversial matters we have been considering this week.
The fact that it's being followed, I'm wondering if this would not be a good time to have some of the academic discussion about the 21 food rep commission,
the government re-organization discussion.
Perhaps, I'm committing a discussion of the problem of bloody.
I think this would be a good opportunity to start with regard to the food report and current state parents' etiquette.
I think the food rep commission is generally on the food rep which I would like to introduce to the government by officially unbiased,
through lying across the system and eliminating some of the agencies who use the patients to say the great deal of nothing.
The President's influence seems to be getting in the hand that he programed the food rep commission that it's recommended.
And the President has sent 21 re-organization plans to Congress last month, which were based upon the recommendations of the food rep commission.
The first six plans were transferred to the heads of the Treasury Justice and Period,
as a culture of commerce and labor department, respectively.
Certain functions not referred by law on supporting the officials and the listens that do good point.
The next seven plans, seven to thirteen,
they were administrative power of seven regulatory boards and commissions to the chair, under each group,
rather than leaving it to the members of the commission.
These agencies are the Interstate Commerce Commission, the Federal Trade Commission,
on which I judge you in Davis, a great kind of CM, the board is Deputy Chairman.
The Federal Power Commission, they secured as an exchange commission,
the Federal Communications Commission and the National Labor Relations Board and the Civil Air, not its board.
So you see that these first thirteen plans all have the same purpose,
the picture responsibility and authority for the management of these departments and boards,
and one person, rather than having it spread out in the commission generally all with other people.
Let's say, in such a good way, you mean that the chairman of the Federal Trade Commission, for instance,
cannot make administrative decisions and matters that come up from time to time?
That's a situation exactly, believe it or not.
Besides your case in this very agency, I sent an important letter to the Federal Trade Commission,
seeking information and an opinion of the commission to use and of debate on the Senate floor,
facing points matter which we had a...
Any response? Finally, I went down to the commission and figured the opinion.
Of course, they couldn't get a forum of the member's presence.
One member had a death in his family and was out at power, and other was in the House Federal,
and then I was a vacancy on the commission.
The two commissioners available were parenists to act because it was a bad man commission.
The three members had to be present in the House of the Federal Court.
Didn't the Federal Commission, inc. the size and necessity of these particular changes?
Yes, they are there. These reorganization plans generally are, I think, followed the Hoover recommendation.
The report pointed out that the president has administrative prepared of our agency,
and under him, his chief lieutenant and department heads,
should be held responsible and accountable to the people and to the Congress,
but it's under these various functions.
They pointed out also that we can hardly hold any of these boards and departments accountable,
unless they have the authority to direct the administration of the various agencies.
And I think it is a point well taken.
I noticed he didn't mention in the various agencies affected the state department and the first office department.
Well, this same thing was done as regards the state department and the post office department by legislation last year.
In addition, these plans fall for the designation of a career man in each department,
as an administrative assistant secretary,
and the state department, for instance, Jim Webb from North Carolina is the administrative assistant secretary.
And he would have a civil service status and be able to assist the department head in the heavy managerial job,
even if the head of the department resigned and wants to replace.
The LHMD, too much opposition to these 13 plans, should they portray our will,
come in for some serious trouble in that process.
There's been a longstanding fight as we all know between the national labor relations board and its general counsel.
Land number 12, but it's published in the Office of the General Counsel of the NLRB,
and transferring his rather broad authority to the chairman of the force.
The other 12 plans should enjoy these decisions.
Well, how about the remaining eight plans that we had talked about, Sanjay?
All of these plans that propose the reassignment of certain functions of the government.
All of them are designed to group programs of the government and the smallest practical number of the staff.
I don't believe the details of the official interest to our friends to outline them and detail here.
All in all, I think the plans are worthy of our most sympathetic consideration.
I've noticed Sanjay keep all of them, that when all of those meaningful proposals is made in progress,
at least two groups started immediately seeking on the one hand the adoption of the proposal,
and on the other hand the field proposal.
This, of course, brings us to the question of lobby.
You have to go, very few people who are not connected with Congress,
appreciate the magnitude of the lobby and the problem, John.
I'm sure you didn't before you came up here a year and a half ago,
but it is a very great problem.
In fact, somebody, I stated, I think, rather laugh than make that Congress could not operate without the lobby.
Of course, as in the case of nearly everything else, lobby and has its good points and advantages and has its bad points.
Of course, there are all kinds of lobby that operate near and Congress.
There are good lobby for good purposes, bad lobby.
There are lobbies that have no all-terior motive, and then, of course, the first special interest lobby.
And under the Constitution, anybody has the right to position Congress.
So we have a lot of citizens who come up as they should come up and see us about that particular topic.
That is nevertheless a type of lobby.
Knowing that a question is being lobbied both ways,
I'm sure as members of Congress, if they are getting both sides of the picture.
This is a beneficial lesson, deciding how to vote on a particular issue.
But not being, unfortunately, has a strong side to many bills passed upon this,
which otherwise would be voted on, but it not them, but the application of special, special interest lobby.
Now, there is an approach this time, yes, but how started investigation of lobbying two or three weeks ago?
There is Congressman Frank Bigger, the president of the Manoeu, by the well as the chairman of the Investigative Group.
And Stan Hearings will be resumed Wednesday, taking up the real estate and the housing pressure groups first.
I hope that committee's external looked into the lobby registration act,
which passed about four years ago.
And I'm just wondering, is that act of that?
Well, it provides briefly that any person who comes to influence legislation of pay
or any consideration of much of it, that is others and does the private individual coming up,
especially about some matter of these efforts.
But any lobby must have financial reports of every quarter,
organizations raising funds for this purpose, and the files of the report, also,
and it provides a penalty kind of file or imprisonment of three years' suspension
from lobbying, a stability-on-conviction of a violation of the law.
That is the law set for how in crucial registry.
Now, that's left to the secretary of the Senate and will they take to the House.
As a consequence, there are persons and groups engaged in almost identical activities,
one of which has registered and the other has registered,
and the purpose of the regulation is that they don't have the registry.
I think the Congress and the Senate and committee will certainly recommend changes in these forms.
How many lobbyists do you have to make to be in?
Of course, I'm glad that the city is just about full of them.
But about 2,500 different persons and groups have registered to the law limits.
But Mr. Patan, however, as the name suggests, we have about 10,000 active lobbying persons
and organizations here in Washington.
Well, that's amazing, Senator.
How many days do you have to probably spend a lot of your time?
Well, the House Committee's tabulation shows that the reports of expenditures
for lobbying that is owed to registered and listed their expenses,
raised from $2,200,000 in 1946 to $10,300,000 in 1949.
I would say allowing for duplications and the likes of probably $30 million has been extended
by a lobbyist during the past few years.
Sometimes, a smongest that about well above $100 million has been spent in the last five years,
and goodness gracious, sir.
There wasn't this matter of been done in 1984.
Well, you may remember, Charlie, that's in the 1948 presidential campaign.
Mr. Truman attacks the lobby.
Senator Kilgore, a West Virginia introduced a resolution calling for a Senate investigation
early in 1949.
I hear the representative of Canada's top-of-the-spousal resolution after receiving a dilute of 9,000 letters
in the amendment until no resolution has ever cleared the Senate on the matter of lobby.
As a matter of fact, only one investigation should be followed,
and we have one on the House.
We have too many overlapping and duplicating skills.
But just how will the House Committee go about its decision?
I understand that the Committee hopes to use this so-called top-of-the-spousal system study
of lobby.
It will probably look into special groups, both topics,
and groups which are just outside the registration of funds.
It has been made clear that the Committee is not aiming at any administration lobby
to find the structure of government lobby.
The main effect will be inclusion of the registration provisions of the law
and to separate folks and lobbies from South East Special Group lobby.
On a bit of a bit of those of us, who goes into the number,
have there ever been lobby and investigation prior to the passage
of the registration law of 1996?
Well, I am not 46, I think I have a text number,
reference to my age, I am not question Charlie,
but of course the only way I would know is what I have read.
Seriously, there are about three such investigations in the past 60 years,
in 1913, 1929, and 1935.
But it is going to be interesting to watch what's on the diet of the 1950s,
the investigation of lobby.
And it's key part of one more thing,
which I've tried to pass with, which I think is usually the coming.
Our first at the fifth anniversary of the death of the late president of the
Spanx City Roosevelt, and he's thinking about the content of the page.
So you can be coming on that.
Well, I am Charlie, I certainly will.
Five years ago on Wednesday, President Roosevelt died,
and there's no members of the past, but the third is that president's president,
so at that time it must have been John.
We would still have war, and this president failed more than anyone else,
because he was not the parent or his new birth.
He was so humble that he has passed the system to be a narrative pupil,
to save him every experience.
So that we're no longer at the narrative,
and he has many urgent problems facing him,
as a president's president and his pacifectic.
After assuming the president's being his own right,
he has done pretty the difficult personality.
Half of it has been a pacifectic.
However, as some of us may think of president,
we're all at the recent shooting,
he said he had tried very hard to do a pacifect.
And many of us who did not approve the role of the point in assuming
the slap ball that might be 40 years.
And many of us who will be all these countries
who benefit part of the focus of coming along,
are there few who would take from that as a president
and see if he should do what he is entitled for doing a hard job
the way he thought it fit the path.
Thank you, Senator S. T. P. P.
for now to listen, dear Mr. Lee,
and we invite you to be seen in the conversation
to hear the next news that we've been radioed with,
so listen if you're talking to Washington,
and if you're talking to him,
it's a challenge that you can use to be a local mountain.
Thank you.